hey there everybody misses anacortes I
have my sister here she's gonna be
kicking the for raffle number three
would be this video so I guess we'll
just start with that right away so you
get it all right all right and we have a
name that I cannot read i will just put
a take somewhere in the video ghetto man
045 when's the gal well pack a punched
so awesome man alright alright see ya
all right Tony oh so yes you get home
and 0 for 5 wins the gala little pecker
punched so that's what i'm making a week
that'll actually be quite easier than
wonder weapons which they have very
interesting designs when I guess I'll
say like the VRA 11 for example which I
will show you guys right now it is not
finished I it's still a work-in-progress
it's been taking me quite some time I
started painting so here I'll just take
the camera so you can see it better but
this is what I have for the VRE 11 right
now I still don't have that much I still
have more things to put on like the butt
stock which will come over here the cage
of course with the two pinchers that
come out the sides I still have to make
all that stuff so that's why I take me
quite some time I managed to paint some
of the Siberian a camel for about half
of the gun I didn't do the other side
yet there is no sighting yet I still
have to put that on my sighting is
actually off just a little bit too
unfortunately but yeah another thing I
have to put if you can see these lines
here I have to put that all around there
as well as on this piece here well
make it more accurate to the actual
design and the skull with the the swords
will be interesting to paint too but
that's pretty much what i have left does
it actually take me another week to
finish this thing completely so i can
just do another like update video i
guess or whatever i think of doing but
that's oh ok that's my sister again
sorry for the interruption but um well
that's pretty much it so the camera back
down here oh and um the handle for the
thing too I have that here but I just
have to put it on still but other than
that hold that stuff it's pretty much
done roughly um let's pretty much all I
have to say in this video trying to
think if I have anything oh um one thing
this is a lot of people are doing asking
you this lately and I probably should
have stated this a little bit more front
Lee in any of my past videos but this
raffle is not for winning one of my
items for free you do have to pay for it
it gives the winner the opportunity to
buy some of my items all right i mean i
can't just give this stuff away I do
spend my time and money making this
stuff so the best thing to do would be
to sell it the raffle is to make it more
even for everyone instead of picking
specific people it gets picked out
randomly so if you guys understand that
then that's pretty much it so I'll just
restate here again gentle man 0 for 5
wins the gal little pack a punched so
I'll make that in a week I think I could
actually do that will be that hard now I
know they'll Peck
can't very well it'll be dt but it's
pretty much in this video so see you
later guys